Section 1. Police Officer Kenneth Mahon Place Introduced by Council Member ArroyoDied December 28, 1974      Officer Kenneth Mahon joined the New York City Police Department in 1968 after serving in the United States Army in the Vietnam War.  While serving as an officer, he was decorated by the department thirty-six times, including eighteen excellent police citations, ten meritorious service citations and five departmental commendations.  He was serving in the anticrime unit for the last three years until the time he was killed in the line of duty and had over 259 arrests and disarmed about fifty people.  He was killed in the line of duty while trying to apprehend a suspect in a robbery that had taken place on December 27, 1974.Section 2. Richard Akbar Salahuddin Drive Introduced by Council Member BarronJuly 5, 1939 – December 24, 2009      While incarcerated in the 1970’s, Richard Akbar Salahuddin brought many lawsuits against the New York State Department of Corrections such as, getting his name change recognized by the penitentiary, which he won, and other lawsuits pertaining to inmate’s rights. After completing his prison term he became active in his neighborhood and made great contributions to his community.  He became president of the Williams/Riverdale Avenues Block Association and was a strong advocate for human rights and worked to keep drug dealers off of Williams Avenue.  He was also a member of Community Board 5, ACORN and the Reverend Al Sharpton’s organization, Veterans Affairs and a legal mediator for several Muslim committees.  He also established the Summer Play Street Program on Williams Avenue.  Section 3. Harry Wieder WayIntroduced by Council Member ChinDied April 27, 2010      Harry Wieder was a member of Community Board 3 (CB 3) and was an activist for gay rights and people with disabilities.  He was a member of CB 3’s Transportation Committee, as well as, Human Services, Health, Disability and Seniors/Youth and Education Committees.  He was also a member of 504 Democrats, Disabled in Action and the Coalition for a District Alternative.  He was also a member of the activist group Act-Up and was profiled in Betty Adelsen’s 2005 book entitled, “The Lives of Dwarfs: Their Journey from Public Curiosity Toward Social Liberation.”Section 4. University SettlementIntroduced by Council Member Chin      University Settlement was founded in 1886 and was the first settlement house in the United States and addresses the needs of over 20,000 people a year.  It provides childhood programs, mental health services, after school and day camp programs, college preparation and guidance, eviction prevention, domestic violence services, specialized programs for older adults and adult literacy classes.Section 5. Jack Johnson PlazaIntroduced by Council Member DickensMarch 31, 1878 – June 10, 1946      Jack Johnson was an American boxer, the second African-American boxing champion and the first African-American world heavyweight boxing champion.  He was inducted into the Ring Boxing Hall of Fame in 1954 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1990.  He was also known for being the first celebrity athlete appearing regularly in the press, radio, and movies.  He was also a connoisseur of Harlem night life and opened his own club called Club Deluxe at 142nd Street and Lenox Avenue.  In 1910, Congress passed the Act of June 25, 1910 known as the “White Slave Traffic Act or the Mann Act” which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce for the purpose of prostitution or debauchery or for any other immoral purpose.    Section 6. Ramona Jennett Way Introduced by Council Member DickensDied February 21, 2009      Ramona Jennett served as president of the 129th Street Block Association, secretary of Community Board 9, was Treasurer of the Women’s Democratic Club, parent coordinator at P.S. 129 and a staff member of New York Hospital’s Intensive Care Unit for Babies for over 40 years.  She was also a long-time community activist and contributor to the culture and stability of the Harlem community which inspired the Nutta Butta/Ramona Jennett Foundation for Kids.  The Foundation promotes social recreational activities as positive alternatives to drug experimentation and other criminal behaviors such as, a pre-Mother’s Day cookout, a basketball tournament, a fashion show and talent showcase, a father and kids day and a back to school jam.Section 7. Richard Cecere CornerIntroduced by Council Member DrommJune 12, 1943 – June 29, 2007      Richard Cecere was a very active member of his community.  He served as chairperson of Community Board 3, was a member and former board member of the John F. Kennedy Democratic Club, former president of the New Visions Democratic Club and also served on the boards of the Newtown Senior Center in Elmhurst and the United Community Civic Association.  He was most active in the Kiwanis Club of Jackson Heights.  He joined the Kiwanis Club in 1990 and served as the second president of the Club and was the Club’s secretary for many years.  He also served as the chairperson of the Club’s Public Relations Committee and chaired the senior component of the Governor’s Project.Section 8. 35T1H4 A1V4E1N1U1E1 Introduced by Council Member Dromm      Scrabble is the quintessential New York game.  After being laid off from his job in the midst of the Great Depression, architect Alfred Mosher Butts, a resident of Jackson Heights, invented Scrabble after meticulous study and trial and error.  Mr. Butts masterminded and perfected the word game at Community Methodist Church located at 35th Avenue and 81st Street.  Currently, the game is sold in 121 countries in 29 different languages.  Over 100 million sets of the game have been sold making it the world’s best-selling game.  In 1995, a sign was erected on the corner of 35th Avenue and 81st Street that read 35T1H4 A1V4E1N1U1E1, but had to be taken down in 2008 because it was not erected in accordance with the Department of Transportation policies.  This co-naming will restore the sign. Section 9. Lawrence P. Dorsey WayIntroduced by Council Member EugeneApril 2, 1919 – October 7, 2007      Lawrence P. Dorsey served as a Supply Sergeant in World War II.  In 1970, Mr. Dorsey became the owner of an art-framing store at 553 Rogers Avenue known as Dorsey’s Picture Frame and Art Gallery.  It is now the oldest, continuously active, black owned art gallery in New York City.  The gallery served as a place for developing, mentoring and promoting African-American artists and well-known for its art exhibitions which packed the gallery with visitors.  Dorsey’s annual December holiday art auction and sale raised funds to purchase toys and medical equipment for children in local hospitals.   Section 10. Pietro Cesare Alberti Way Introduced by Council Member Ferreras1608 – 1655      Pietro Cesare Alberti was born in Venice and became the first Italian to settle in America.  He prospered in New Amsterdam as the owner of a mansion and a farm built on land which later became the Brooklyn Navy Yard.  He also owned property near Broad Street in Manhattan.  His prominence in the early colonial history of New York City is evidenced by a street in Corona, Queens which once bore the name Albertus Avenue, the Dutch version of his name.  Also, the 103rd Street Corona Plaza station on the IRT Flushing Line was once named the Albertus Avenue station in honor of Alberti.  The American Italian Cultural Roundtable, an organization with several of its members and their extended families lived in Corona for many years walked along Albertus Avenue and exited the IRT trains at Albertus Avenue Station during the 1920’s and referred to both the street and the station by the original name Albertus for many years.  The life of Pietro Cesare Alberti is emblematic for the success of many immigrants who came to America and helped build the nation.Section 11. SFC Luis M. Gonzalez StreetIntroduced by Council Member FerrerasJune 15, 1982 – October 27, 2009      Luis Manuel Gonzalez was a loving son, caring father and great husband who joined the United States Army in 2002.  He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 17th Infantry Regiment, 5th Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division, Fort Lewis, Washington.  He was killed in combat in Afghanistan when enemy forces attacked his vehicle with an improvised explosive device.  He was awarded the Bronze Star and United States Army commendation over his eight year military career.Section 12. Police Officer Vito S. Mauro – 9/11 Memorial WayIntroduced by Council Member FidlerDied December 2, 2008      Vito S. Mauro died from illness as a result of inhaling toxic materials while partaking in the rescue and recovery efforts at the World Trade Center site following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.  Previously, he served in the United States Marine Corp. before serving with the New York City Police Department (NYPD) for 18 years in the 67th Precinct in Brooklyn.Section 13. Dr. Giacomo J. Buscaino Place Introduced by Council Member GentileMarch 22, 1952 – September 5, 2008      Dr. Giacomo J. Buscaino was a cardiologist who was very dedicated to his community.  He served on the Board of Trustees of Victory Memorial Hospital for twelve years and served as Chief of Cardiology for three years.  In 2004, he was recognized as Man of the Year by the National Federation of Italian American Societies.  In addition, he was a long standing sponsor of the 68th Precinct Baseball League and recipient of the Humanitarian of the Year Award from the Ben-Bay Kiwanis Club.  He was a board director for the not-for-profit, Luke M. Parlatore Scholarship Foundation which has awarded thirty-eight Staten Island Teens with scholarships that total $51,000 and has given over $5,000 to community outreach programs.Section 14. Andrew DiOrio BoulevardIntroduced by Council Member Gonzalez1924 – July 25, 2009      Andrew DiOrio served in the United States Army as an Infantry Radio and Communications Operator in WWII.  He was awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star.  Upon his return, he worked his way up to Lead Foreman in charge of the Brooklyn Army Terminal along with three other ports.  In 1956, he was asked by the Pastor of St. Rocco’s Roman Catholic Church if he would manage the Youth Center.  He served as General Manager of the Youth Center for 25 years.  He left that position when he was appointed as the Principal Administrative Associate for the Public Administrator of Kings County.  He was also the Court Analyst for the Surrogate Court of Brooklyn and later served as Deputy Public Administrator of Kings County.  He served as Chairman of Community Board 7 where he was instrumental in getting Sunset Park designated as a Neighborhood Strategy Area getting $10 million for improvements to the area, a new Sanitation Garage built and a new school (PS 314) built.  He received the man of the Year Award from the Yankee Circuit and YMCA, the Bishop Mugavero Award, the Leif Erikson League Board of Directors Award and others.Section 15. Red Hook Heroes Run Introduced by Council Member Gonzalez      This intersection will be named for five firemen killed in the 9/11 attacks.Section 16. Abe Kanter Way Introduced by Council Member GonzalezDied 2009      Abe Kanter was a founder of a local AARP chapter, a longtime assistant scoutmaster, an auxiliary police officer with the 68th Precinct for more than a decade and a commander of the Jewish War Veterans.  He would also visit patients at the VA Hospital and guided visitors through the Harbor Defense Museum at Fort Hamilton. Section 17. Rabbi Zvi Florence Way Introduced by Council Member GreenfieldDecember 6, 1955 – March 23, 2010      Rabbi Zvi Florence was on the Community Board 12 for many years and was dedicated to providing entertainment and arts to the Borough Park community.  He helped organize the Annual Purim Parade, the Choel Hamoed Festival and the Succathon in Borough Park.  The events were attended by members of the NYPD and FDNY, many politicians and the entire Jewish community in the area.  He had an art contest for children that related to the Purim Parade.  He wrote a column for “The Jewish Press” - “The Trouble Spot,” where he addressed questions regarding community issues.  Rabbi Florence received many commendations and trophies for the activities he provided to the community from the White House and the Mayor’s office.   Section 18. George J. Regan StreetIntroduced by Council Member HalloranMay 21, 1911 – June 20, 1982      George J. Regan was an attorney who practiced in New York for over 45 years and was a member of many community and professional organizations.  He was president and counsel to the Queens County Civic Council, a member of the Executive Committee of the Whitestone Taxpayer Civic Association, chairman of the Queens County Bar Association and Administrative Law Judge for the New York City Department of Environmental Conservation and Parking Violations Bureau.  Mr. Regan donated his time and professional expertise to a wide variety of community groups including serving as President of the Queens Civic Council, Counsel to Queens Federation of Civic Councils, President of the Whitestone Boosters Civic Association, Officer to North Shore Co. Coordinating Council, Executive Board Member of the Greater Whitestone Civic Association, Vice President and Director of the Queens Playhouse, a not for profit theatre company,  Legal Advisor to Veterans of Foreign Affairs, former Assistant District Attorney, Queens County,  member and former Vice-President of Local School Board District 25, former member and President of the Whitestone Kiwanis Club, former director of the American Red Cross, Flushing Chapter as well as a variety of other organizations including professional groups, civic groups, political groups and religious groups. For many years he was extraordinary citizen and community leader in Whitestone.     Section 19. Dominick Berardi Way Introduced by Council Members Halloran and KooDied September 11, 2001      Dominick Berardi was killed in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.  He was twenty-five years old and worked for Canter and Fitzgerald on the 101st floor. Section 20. Crossing Guard Susan Healy WaySubmitted by Council Member IgnizioApril 12, 1949 – March 2, 2010      Susan Healy served as a school crossing guard for the Police Department for six years.  She was stationed at Klondike Avenue and Merrymount Street in New Springville near PS 69 and Laurie Intermediate School.  Ms. Healy saved a toddler from a life threatening situation when on duty, she noticed a toddler crawling into the street.  She walked over and picked up the toddler and continued her duty crossing children.  Later on, the toddler’s mother picked up her child from Ms. Healy and explained that she was picking up her other children while her husband was doing housework.  Her child was able to get out of the house without the father realizing.  As a result of Ms. Healy’s heroic efforts, the child was protected from any danger in the meantime.   Section 21. Dorothy Maynor Place Introduced by Council Member JacksonSeptember 3, 1910 – February 19, 1996      Dorothy Maynor was an African-American soprano, music educator and one of the most highly praised singers of the 1940’s and 1950’s.  She studied at the Hampton Institute and received a B.S. in 1933 and began her career singing in various choirs and toured Europe with the institute’s most famous chorus.  She went on to perform with most of the major American orchestras and was one of the most sought after performers.  She married the Rev. Shelby Rooks, pastor of St. James Presbyterian Church in Harlem in 1942.  In 1963, she founded the Harlem School of Arts which, under her leadership, grew from 20 students to 1,000 by the time of her retirement in 1979.  She also became the first African American on the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Opera.Section 22. Ricardo A. Perez PlaceIntroduced by Council Member JacksonJune 3, 1954 – November 16, 2007      Ricardo A. Perez came to the United States in the early 1970’s and became a citizen.  He became an entrepreneur in Washington Heights, owning various pharmacies, a medical clinic and over thirty money transfer locations.  He served on the Community Board for over thirty years and donated and contributed to all local schools and churches, the NYPD, PAL baseball and softball leagues and the Dominican Chamber of Business.  He was a strong supporter of Montefiore Park contributing towards its maintenance and care and was an active member of the Lions Club and their good works in the area of health and welfare.  He also worked with the local precinct to keep drugs out of the neighborhood.  He also did the same in other Boroughs such as the Bronx, Queens and Brooklyn.  He was a constant contributor to the 30th Precinct Community Council by donating to yearly events such as the Annual Night Out Against Crime, the Senior Citizen Christmas Dinners and the Annual Christmas Party for the Children.Section 23. Macedonia A.M.E. Church Way Introduced by Council Member Koo      This street sign will commemorate the 200th Anniversary of the church.Section 24. Dr. Theodore Kazimiroff Way Introduced by Council Member KoppellMay 22, 1914 – March 19, 1980      Dr. Theodore Kazimiroff was born May 22, 1914, in the Borough of the Bronx.  He attended James Monroe High School and was graduated with honors from Manhattan College in 1936.  He was an associate professor on the faculty of the New York University Dental College where he had received his DDS degree in 1940.  He founded the Bronx County Historical Society in 1955 and served as its first president.  Dr. Kazimiroff was appointed official Bronx historian by then Borough President James J. Lyons.  He organized the excavation of the Revolutionary War sites in Pelham Bay Park and he also was the leader in the drive to save the Valentine-Varian House which is now the Museum of Bronx History.  Dr. Kazimiroff was a consultant to the New York Botanical Garden, the Bronx Zoo, the Museum of Natural History and the Museum of American Indians and was a fellow of the New York Zoological Society.  He was made president of the Kingsbridge Historical Society in 1974 and that same year received a Distinguished Service Award from the New York Botanical Garden.Section 25. Geraldine Ferraro WayIntroduced by Council Member KoslowitzAugust 26, 1935 – March 26, 2011      Geraldine Ferraro was a Democratic Party politician, a member of the United States House of Representatives and was the first female Vice Presidential candidate for former Vice President Walter Mondale.  She served as an assistant district attorney in Queens and created the Special Victims Bureau and the Confidential Units while at this position.  She specialized in cases involving sex crimes, crimes against the elderly, family violence and child abuse.  From 1974 – 1978, she served on the Advisory Council for the Housing Court of New York City and as president of the Queens County Women’s Bar Association.  In 1978, she ran for Congress and won reelection in 1980 and 1982.  In 1982, she was appointed to the House Budget Committee and also served as a member of the House Committee on Public Works and Transportation.  In 1984, she was chosen by Democratic presidential nominee, Walter F. Mondale to be his running mate for the presidency but lost the election.  After her term in Congress expired in 1985, she remained active campaigning for other female Democratic candidates in New York and lost a campaign for the United States Senate seat.  However, she still continued to support women’s interest and other social issues and continued to inspire all people.Section 26. Citizens of Mola di Bari Way Introduced by Council Member Lander      This co-naming is in honor of the many contributions emigrants from Mola, Italy have made to Brooklyn, New York City and the United States as a whole.  The Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club is a club for immigrants from the town of Mola, in Bari, Italy. The club, which celebrates its 50th Anniversary this year, is on the corner of Court Street and 4th Place, in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn. Over the past half century, the Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club has been assisting recent immigrants adjust to life in America, and helping support Italian culture in Brooklyn.        The Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club has contributed to Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, and the City of New York in many ways. The club had a seat on the New York City anti-poverty council and New York City Partnership during the War on Poverty. It also helped organize community members to form the Carroll Gardens Association, which for the past 40 years has worked throughout Brooklyn to preserve communities and prevent the deterioration of neighborhoods through affordable housing development, property management, economic revitalization, and outreach and advocacy programs.       Additionally, the Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club has also joined in planting trees and greening Carroll Gardens for decades.  On top of the contributions of the club as a whole, many members of the Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club have made outstanding contributions to Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn and the City of New York. Social club member Michael Pesce represented Carroll Gardens and the surrounding neighborhoods in the New York State Assembly, and is now a judge on the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The Van Westerhout Cittadini Molesi Social Club also included four young members who were killed in the attacks on September 11, 2001: Joseph Agnello, Grace Galente, Danny Pesce, and Dominick Berardi. Section 27. LCpl. Julian T. Brennan, USMC Way Introduced by Council Member LanderDied January 24, 2009      Lance Corporal Julian T. Brennan grew up in south Park Slope and was an avid cyclist.  He was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeunne, North Carolina.  He was killed by a roadside bomb blast during a combat mission in Afghanistan’s Farah Province.  He was 23 years old.Section 28. Willie McDonald Way Introduced by Council Member LevinDied 2008      Originally from Wilson, North Carolina, Willie McDonald moved to Brooklyn in the early 1950’s and shared his love of cooking with the community.  The community enjoyed his cooking so much, that he became involved with the Warren Street Houses feeding hundreds of people as well as a countless number of the homeless for over 30 years.  He was also a very active member of Community Board 2, the Fifth Avenue Committee and the PSA.  In addition, he was Tenant Patrol Supervisor for the New York City Housing Authority and became Vice President of the Warren Street Houses Tenant Association.Section 29. Blessed John Paul II Square Introduced by Council Member Levin      The current street sign on Humboldt Street reads Pope John Paul II Square.  However, the Pope is now referred to as Blessed John Paul II since his beatification on May 1, 2011, and the community would like a new street sign to reflect that.Section 30. Naiesha (Nana) Pearson PlaceIntroduced by Council Member Mark-Vivierito      Naiesha (Nana) Pearson was killed at her neighborhoods end-of-summer barbeque when two men got into an argument and gun was fired. Unfortunately, the bullet ended up hitting Naiesha and she later died in the hospital.  Naiesha’s death led to the creation of the Walk Against Gun Violence rally, which is now an annual event in the South Bronx community, led to the creation of the Bronx chapter of the New Yorkers Anti-Gun Violence, as well as the first Gun Buy Back program in the Bronx.  Her death was also recognized by her aunt and community organizer Gloria Cruz and Mayor Bloomberg at the Mayors Against Illegal Guns event and was recognized by Speaker Sheldon Silver in the passage of state legislation aimed at protecting New Yorkers from gun violence.Section 31. Young Lords WayIntroduced by Council Member Mark-Viverito      In 1969, the New York State chapter of the National Young Lords Organization was formed as a human rights organization and began establishing its signature “serve the people” programs.  The Young Lords brought public awareness to poverty, lack of health care and affordable housing, alleged police abuse, inadequate education and other social equality issues.        The Lords were likely the first group in the City’s history to recognize and make the public aware that poverty was linked to poor health and environmental hazards.  Their contributions to the public good, such as the rebuilding of Lincoln Hospital and raising awareness of public health and environmental hazards in poor neighborhoods were real and long lasting.  Several individual members of the Young Lords went on to long and distinguished careers in the media, including Pablo Guzman, Juan Gonzalez, and Geraldo Rivera Section 32. Odessa Steward StreetIntroduced by Council Member Mark-ViveritoDied December 10, 2010      Odessa Steward served as a volunteer police officer after being rejected from the Police Academy.  Through hard work and dedication, she later became the President of the 24th Precinct Community Council.  Her advocacy efforts in public safety led to an increase in support staff not only for her precinct, but for other precincts throughout the city.  She was a long-time resident of the Frederick Douglass Houses and served on several civic and social enrichment activities for the community including the Housing Tenant Patrol, the Tenants Association and the women’s softball league in Central Park.        Ms. Steward worked with the Westside Women’s Committee to help the homeless and received over 30 awards and certificates of appreciation from Mayor Dinkins, Police Commissioner Ben Ward and Lee Brown and Governor Mario Cuomo.  Some of the awards and certificates received were for outstanding service given the NYPD, recognition for improving the quality of the environment in the city, recognition for community service towards creating the Walk Away from Drugs program, recognition for creating 65 receptionist positions within the NYPD and appreciation for creating the annual 24th Precinct Christmas party for underprivileged children. Section 33. Philip Reed WayIntroduced by Council Member Mark-ViveritoFebruary 21, 1949 – November 6, 2008      Phillip Reed was the first openly gay black member of the New York City Council who represented East Harlem and Manhattan Valley and parts of the Upper West Side and the South Bronx.  He was involved in the Stonewall riots and later spent 10 years in San Francisco as a salesman for the Otis Elevator Company and as a gay political activist.  In the 1970’s, he returned to New York and became politically active and ran a service program in Brooklyn for people with HIV.  In the 1980’s, he became a Democratic district leader.  Mr. Reed became HIV positive in 1981.  He won the City Council seat, both in 1997 and 2001 and was a champion of asthma prevention legislation, frequently pointing out that his district had some of the highest rates of asthma in the state.  He also advocated for affordable housing and was a staunch opponent of a plan by the former Giuliani Administration to relocate the Museum of the City of New York from East Harlem to the old Tweed Courthouse near City Hall.       As a member of the Health Committee, he protected and preserved HIV/AIDS funding from cuts and made sure those funds were distributed to the areas and agencies in the field that did the work and the outreach.  He also kept the Department of Health from closing the 115th Street Community Health Office and Dental Clinic in East Harlem, organized the largest coalition to fight against the redevelopment of the 100th Street Bus Depot, re-established the East Harlem Asthma Working Group and restored and created parks and playgrounds throughout his district and beyond.Section 34. Museum Mile Introduced by Council Member Mark-Viverito      This section of 5th Avenue is noted for the number of museums located on it.  The attractions include the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of the City of New York, the International School of Photography, the Jewish Museum, the Museum for African Art and the Goethe House among others.  This co-naming will be extending Museum Mile to 110th Street due to the new Museum for African Art opening to the public in the fall of 2011 at the corner of Fifth Avenue and 110th Street.Section 35. Detective Omar J. Edwards Way Introduced by Council Member Mark-Viverito      Omar Edwards graduated from the Police Academy in July 2007 and was assigned to the 25th Precinct ant-crime team.  In 2009, Officer Edwards was fatally shot in a friendly fire incident while he was in plainclothes chasing a man who had just broken into his car.  Section 36. Ellen Stewart Way Introduced by Council Member MendezNovember 7, 1919 – January 13, 2011      Ellen Stewart was the first African-American fashion designer for Saks Fifth Avenue and founder and artistic director of La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club at 74A East 4th Street.  She moved to New York City in the late 1940’s and later, with an appreciation for the arts, founded the La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club which has presented over 1900 productions.  Its resident theatre troupes have performed throughout the world including Columbia, Venezuela, Iran, Belgium England, Sweden, Korea and Turkey among others.  New Eastern European Theatre was introduced in America in 1967 when Ms. Stewart brought Jerzy Grotowski, Ryszard Cieslak and Ludwig Flaszen to America.  She was awarded many honorary doctorates and awards such as the MacArthur Genius Award and the National Endowment for Arts and Culture, the Les Kurbas Award for Distinguished Services to Art and Culture from the Ukraine, was inducted into the Broadway Theatre Hall of Fame, becoming the first OFF-Off-Broadway Producer to receive this honor and was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette by the Emperor of Japan.Section 37. Fran Kaplan Way Introduced by Council Member NelsonSeptember 27, 1928 – February 2, 2010      Frances Sara Levine Kaplan operated the family dry cleaning business for approximately 50 years on Brighton Beach Avenue.  She was a very dedicated activist for over 30 years.  Ms. Kaplan participated with the citywide organization known as the Joint Public Affairs Committee for Older Adults, the Jewish Association of Services for the Aged, the Brooklyn Interagency Council and worked at the Shorefront Inter-Agency for the Aging.  She worked every Election Day for a number of years at Grady High School as well as the Shorefront Y where she also served lunch to seniors.  She was also a member of the Shorefront Democratic Club, the Good Government Democratic Club and the Luna Park Democratic Club and was on the Board of Directors of the Brighton Neighborhood Association, Brighton Beach Bid, the Older Woman’s League and the Brighton Board of Trade.  She was active, though not a member of Community Board 13 and the 60th Precinct Police Council.  She was associated with Friends of the Boardwalk and was very active in fundraising for Friends of the Library, which involved wrapping gifts at holiday time.  She also regularly participated at the B’ nai B’ rith Brighton Atlantic Branch.  After her death, there was created in memory of her activism, the annual “Frances Levine Kaplan Community Service Award.”Section 38. Stephen J. Solarz Way Introduced by Council Member NelsonSeptember 12, 1940 – November 29, 2010      Stephen J. Solarz served in the New York State Assembly, 45th Assembly District from 1969 – 1975.  Soon after, he was elected to the United States House of Representatives serving from January 3, 1975 – January 3, 1993.  Both in the State Assembly or Congress, Solarz was always mindful of local issues, calling himself “Representative Pothole.” In 1980, he was the first American public official to visit North Korea since the end of the Korean War to meet with Kim II-sung.  He chaired the Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and was remembered for his leadership in the Philippines by pushing the Reagan administration to distance itself from the Marcos government.  He led the congressional movement for democracy in the Philippines and held highly publicized hearings to prove that Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos had looted the Philippine treasury of millions of dollars to buy real estate in the United States.  After President Ferdinand Marcos left the Philippines, Solarz worked closely with Benigno S. Aquino’s widow and president, Corazon, who dubbed Solarz the Lafayette of the Philippines.        In 1990, he introduced a bill denying a sports team that leaves a city the right to sue for trademark infringement. The bill grew out of a suit filed by the Los Angeles Dodgers against the Brooklyn Dodgers Sports Bar and Restaurant in Brooklyn. After he left Congress in 1993, he worked as a consultant and volunteer for nonprofit international organizations.  He was appointed by President Bill Clinton as chairman of the United States government funded Central Asian American Enterprise Fund to bring private development to Central Asia and co-founded the International Crisis Group, a private, non-governmental organization designed to strengthen the international community’s ability to anticipate and prevent man-made crises. Stephen Solarz died of esophageal cancer on November 29, 2010 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 70. He left behind his beloved wife Nina, two step-children and grandchildren.  Section 39. Amanda Sue Forsyth Gift of Life Way Submitted by Council Member OddoMay 4, 1990 - June 11, 2006      Amanda Forsyth was sixteen years old when she was killed when she was struck by a car leaving a sweet-sixteen party with friends. Her family donated her organs to help others and made life possible for seven people who were in need.  As a result of her death, the Forsyth family created the Gift of Life Family Transport, a charity that assists families in the New York City area and works with the New York Organ Donor Network and local hospitals as an official service to families in need.  The charity provides families of organ donors in the New York City area with 24 hour transportation during the days awaiting the arrival of transplant teams.  The drivers are volunteers from the NYPD and NYFD.       Section 40. Deborah L. Macula Way Submitted by Council Member OddoAugust 18, 1952 – October 12, 2003      Deborah L. Macula graduated from Countess Moore High School and later obtained a Master’s Degree in Education from Richmond College and a 6th Year Certificate in Supervision and Administration from the College of Staten Island.  She worked twenty-nine years at Our Lady of Peace, twenty as a teacher and nine years as the Principal.  She helped families in need and raised funds for Staten Island organizations.  She was to be awarded the prestigious St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Compassionate Educator Award but passed away shortly before the ceremony. Her husband accepted the award in her memory.  A medical clinic for the poor and downtrodden now occupies the one room school in Town of Mary, India, named in Deborah’s memory.  Town of Mary is approximately 30 miles from the city of Hyderabad.  Ms. Macula’s annual Lenten Read-A-Thon raised funds for this school which is now a clinic and other Staten Island organizations.Section 41. Mother Franciska Way Submitted by Council Member OddoJanuary 1, 1833 – April 14, 1894      Franciska Lechner, Mother Franciska, founded the Congregation of the Daughters of Divine Charity in Vienna, Austria in 1868.  The Congregation provided shelter for young working women during the European Industrial Revolution.  Currently, the Congregation’s apostolic works extend to the education of youth, providing care and home for the elderly and mentally and physical disabled worldwide.  The Congregation continues to serve in Albania, Africa, Austria, England, Germany, Italy, Poland and the United States.  This is an elementary school and high school on Staten Island.Section 42. Anthony Neglia Way Introduced by Council Member Recchia, Jr.August 10, 1928 – July 12, 2008      Anthony Neglia was a leader with the 86th Street-Bensonhurst Community Merchants working with stores, the City of New York and industries to make this shopping district thrive.  He started the 86th Street Festival, worked with the Kiwanis Club as well as with the Bensonhurst Board of Trade, the Retail Labor Consumer Federation and the Decorating Products Dealers Association.  Mr. Neglia provided annual scholarships for Bishop Kearney students who were in need of financial assistance. Bishop Kearney is one of the finest all girl parochial schools in the city of New York.  He also organized food drives for the poor and needy especially during holiday seasons and arranged for direct support and/or financial assistance for people in the community who suffered a tragedy.  Many families who were victims of home fires where their belongings were destroyed were helped by donations that Mr. Neglia provided.Section 43. Zachary Sansone Way Introduced by Council Member Recchia, Jr.September 19, 1916 – June 10, 2010      Zachary Sansone was born in Brooklyn and at the age of 12 he moved to Italy with his family.  After World War II, he became the first democratically elected mayor of Sant’ Antoio Abate, Italy.  He returned to New York in 1949 and became very active with his wife in social service work and together they founded the Congress of Italian American Organizations (CIAO) in the 1960s.  Their success of over 40 years included the opening of daycare, senior and social service centers throughout the city.  CIAO was one of the city’s largest social service agencies in the 1970s and 80s.  Section 44. Dr. Betty Shabazz Way Introduced by Council Member RodriguezMay 28, 1934 – June 23, 1997      Dr. Betty Shabazz came to public attention as the wife of El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz, formerly known as Malcolm X.  After graduating from high school, Dr. Shabazz attended the Tuskegee Institute, a historically African-American institution in Alabama.  She decided to move to New York City to study nursing and also was introduced to the Nation of Islam at this time.  It was through attending lectures at Temple Number 7 that Dr. Shabazz came to know Malcolm X, and consequently joined the Nation of Islam.  The two married, and stayed in the Nation of Islam for a total of 8 years.  During this time, Dr. Shabazz participated in a number of activities with her husband Malcolm, contributing to self-empowerment and self-determination in African-American communities in New York City.  Section 45. Daniel P. Rieu Way Introduced by Council Member RoseDied October 2010      Daniel P. Rieu served as a lieutenant and radio officer in the Merchant Marine during World War II and when discharged, had a 47-year career as a technician at New York Telephone.  He served as vice-president to the Westerleigh Improvement Society for over 30 years and served as editor of its newsletter for over 40 years.  He was also a Community Board 1 from 1967 to 1983 and was chair of the Westerleigh Area Committee and the Zoning and Planning Committee.  He was a Member of the Westerleigh AARP and was the recipient of the national AARP Achievement Award for Outstanding Service to Seniors.  He was an advocate for the preservation of the Staten Island Greenbelt and also advocated for services for children and adults with special needs as a member of the Staten Island Aid for Retarded Children and the Exceptional Children’s Social Club.Section 46. D.A. Bill Murphy Way Introduced by Council Member RoseJune 25, 1944 – June 4, 2010      William Murphy was the longest serving District Attorney in Staten Island history.  In 1969, he began his career as a prosecutor in Manhattan District Attorney Frank Hogan’s office and became the chief of the Indictments Bureau.  He also served under District Attorney Richard Kuh and Robert Morgenthau.  In 1982, he prosecuted John Cassiliano, known as Johnny Cash, who took bribes to allow toxic waste to be dumped at the old Brookfield landfill.  He regarded this as one of the highlights of his career.  His office also won convictions against child kidnapper Andre Rand, murderer Elena Kiejliches and cop killer Shatiek Johnson.        In 1983, he was appointed District Attorney by then Governor Mario Cuomo, and later won the election to the position that November.  He was the president of the National District Attorneys Association and the New York State District Attorneys Association, a member of the National College of District Attorney’s Board of Regents and also taught the Police Department’s Homicide Investigator course and lectured at the Criminal Justice Service’s basic and economic crime courses for prosecutors.  In addition, he was chairman of the Staten Island Unit of Leukemia Society and the Advisory Board of the Catholic Youth Organization and also served on the advisory boards of Bayley Seton Hospital, St. John’s University, the Goodhue Center and also served on the board of Community Agency for Senior Citizens.  He once served as grand marshal of the 1983 Staten Island St. Patrick’s Parade.  Section 47. Lizzie Ruth Brown Way Introduced by Council Member Sanders, Jr.June 28, 1941 – September 24, 2011      Lizzie Ruth Brown worked for the New York City Department of Health as a supervisor for the Central Complaints Division for 25 years.  She was a community activist and president of the Beach 41st Tenant Association for 11 years.  She was a civic leader and her tenant association represented 13 buildings with approximately 1700 people.  Through her efforts her community saw many positive changes and she helped improve the quality of life for all of the Rockaways.  When the city proposed closing the Beach 41st Houses Community Center, she immediately summoned elected officials and the community to prevent the center from closing.  As a result of her efforts, the community center was saved.  Although she tackled big issues like tenant safety, she also focused on other concerns such as more street lighting for her development.  She successfully worked with elected officials to successfully receive new lighting in her community.  She also helped tenants with housing, education and personal issues.  She also volunteered at the Full Gospel Tabernacle Church.  Section 48. Jack King Way Introduced by Council Member UlrichDied in 2009      Jack King enlisted in the United States Navy on his 17th birthday and served in the Pacific for 2 years.  With his love for baseball, he founded and coached a team of boys in Brooklyn’s Parade Grounds.  He also became active in the Knights of Columbus.  He moved to Rockaway and coached his son’s CYO team at St. Francis de Sales becoming the baseball commissioner and helped the parish build a successful baseball program.  He volunteered as a block captain for the Belle Harbor Property Owners Association (BHPOA) and later served as vice president and president.  As president of the 100th Precinct Community Council, he created a network of activism across the precinct and peninsula by reaching out to the 101st Precinct Community Council and organizing the first National Night Out Against Crime in Rockaway.  He worked with community leaders and activists to found the Arverne Civic Association, the Rockaway Park Residents and Homeowners and the Rockaway Action Committee.  He also served as chair of the Transportation Committee on Community Board 14.Section 49. Ann Buehler Way Introduced by Council Member Vallone, Jr.Died October 8, 2010      Ann Buehler began as a volunteer at the Boys Club, later known as the Variety Boys and Girls Club, in 1952 helping raise funds for a safe place for kids to play.  She was the first woman director of a Boys Club out of 1500 clubs.  She worked as the Civil Service Commissioner under Mayors Koch and Beame and was president of the Astoria Women’s Club, member of the Ravenswood Lions Club, Astoria Civic Association, United Community Civic Association, Astoria Historical Society and board member of Central Astoria Local Development.  She received a citation from President Truman for volunteer work during World War II and also volunteered for the Red Cross and Greater NY Fund and received many citations from the 114th Police Precinct.  She was also responsible for obtaining many college scholarships for Variety Boys and Girls Club members.     Section 50. Winged Fist Way Introduced by Council Member Van Bramer      From 1898 to 1930, Celtic Park was the athletic stadium, track and field of the Irish-American Athletic Club (IAAC).  The emblem of the club was a winged fist with American flags and shamrocks and the Irish motto, ‘Laim Laidir Abu’ or ‘Strong Hand Forever,’ hence the nickname, The Winged Fists of Celtic Park.  For over 30 years, Celtic Park was the primary meeting place for the Irish community in New York City and the training grounds for the champion athletes of the IAAC.  Between 1900 and 1924, members of the IAAC won 56 medals for the United States Olympic team, being one of the premier athletic organizations in the world.  IAAC members included the first African-American John Baxter Taylor and the first Jewish athlete, Myer Prinstein to win Olympic gold medals for the United States Olympic team.    Section 51. Moses P. Cobb Way Introduced by Council Member Vann      Moses P. Cobb was the first African-American police officer in the Brooklyn Police Department and was also the first African-American police officer in the consolidated NYPD after Brooklyn joined New York City in 1898.Section 52. Charles C. Pinn Way Introduced by Council Member VannDied in 1995      Charles C. Pinn was a youth organizer and a devoted legislative assistant for Assemblyman Al Vann and New York City Council Member Annette Robinson.  In 1980, he founded the Young Peoples Macon-Macdonough-Stuyvesant-Lewis Block Association and was elected treasurer of the student government at Samuel J. Tilden High School.  In recognition of his high school record of service, he received the Daily News Principal’s Pride of the Yankees Award and the Cooperation in Government Certificate by the High School Division of the Board of Education.  In 1985, he served as a volunteer for the Vannguard Independent Democratic Association (VIDA) and organized Junior VIDA which held block association and PTA forums, youth speak-outs, tenant associations and town hall meetings.  He was elected secretary of the Brooklyn Branch of the NAACP and was a member of the Board of Directors of the Fort Greene Senior Citizens Council, Inc. and a consultant to Malcolm X, Marcy and Risley Dent Senior Centers.Section 53. Thomas White, Jr. Blvd. Introduced by Council Member WillsAugust 21, 1939 – August 27, 2010      Thomas White Jr. was a long-time member of the New York City Council representing the 28th District in Queens.  He was chairman of the Economic Development Committee and co-founder and executive director of J-CAP, one of the largest substance abuse treatment programs in the state.  Economic development and substance abuse were two of his primary issues.  However, he also pushed for job-training programs and initiatives that helped the poor and protected victims of violence.  Mr. White also worked on issues such as teen pregnancy prevention and helped to create primary care programs for those suffering from HIV/AIDS.Section 54. Henry Grate Sr. PlaceIntroduced by Council Member WillsJuly 9, 1922 – August 23, 2008      Henry Grate Sr. had an open door policy towards the people of his community.  He was the unofficial community barber and never charged anyone.  He also was a skilled carpenter and taught valuable carpentry skills to the children in the neighborhood.  In the 1970’s, he was a member of the Remington Street Block Association and was a sponsor of numerous block parties on 107th Avenue.  He also built a home recording studio in his basement to give the youth a positive outlet to express their talents.  Here, youths developed their musical skills for free and some went on to be accomplished musicians such as, Najee, Bernard Wright, Michael Murphy and Marcus Miller.Section 55. Monsignor Paul M. Andrews Way Submitted by Council Member OddoFebruary 26, 1910 – February 22, 1993      Monsignor Paul M. Andrews was Pastor of St. Rita’s Parish from 1950 until his retirement in 1985.  He is remembered by priests and parishioners for building up St. Rita’s by launching a funding drive to build a new school when St. Rita’s population surged.  He also completed construction on a new church building and rectory.  He brought a sense of unity to the Parish and later served as the Episcopal Vicar for Staten Island from 1975 until 1981.Section 56. Frank Justich Way Introduced by Council Member Vallone, Jr.June 19, 1968 – January 26, 2010      Frank Justich was a devoted husband, father and friend who was a talented artist.  Everybody in his neighborhood referred to him as “one of the nicest guys on Earth.”  He was a Department of Sanitation worker who was killed on duty when he was struck by a tractor trailer.  His badge number 11444 will be retired and Queens West 1 Garage where he worked will be named for him.        34